[Music]
when we think about an endangered
species we have a tendency to focus just
on the numbers right there's 10,000 left
oh there's a thousand left or a hundred
left in the world it doesn't really
matter how big the total population is
if you lose this one group of
chimpanzees over here you've lost
something unique that you can't ever
replace there's a lot that needs to be
done to ensure the survival of these
animals
more than 90% of your primate species
occur in tropical forests and we simply
have to demonstrate the overall value of
tropical forest to our own future it's
in the hand of the human species to
dedicate land for their cousins and not
only for our own species we need to
create opportunity for the monkeys to
roam freely to able to survive in the
world there's always hope for us to
nurture next generation of
conservationists and researchers what we
need to do is to bring the people up to
the natural environment to look at what
we have
the nature there is animals there is
trees and that is a beautiful things
[Music]
I think it's important to get out into
nature once you do that I think it's
very hard not to become a convert to the
cause of conservation as a whole
biodiversity is us and it's in our own
best interests who ensure that the
natural world survives because
ultimately we're also a part of it
[Music]